## BACKBONE __Classes and Interfaces __

>io.wolfscript.backbone

---

Classes and interfaces for namespace io.wolfscript.backbone

Item | Description   
--- | :--- 
__Classes__|
__[`Backbone`](Backbone.md)__ | _The backbone system._ 
__[`BackboneBans`](BackboneBans.md)__ | _Backbone to the ban System. This contains NO logic, it is only the data_ 
__[`BackboneGroups`](BackboneGroups.md)__ | _Backbone to the groups System. This contains NO logic, it is only the data_ 
__[`BackboneKits`](BackboneKits.md)__ | _Backbone to the kits System. This contains NO logic, it is only the data_ 
__[`BackboneOperators`](BackboneOperators.md)__ | _Backbone to the ops system. This contains NO logic, it is only the data_ 
__[`BackbonePermissions`](BackbonePermissions.md)__ | _Backbone to the permissions System. This contains NO logic, it is only the_ 
__[`BackboneReservelist`](BackboneReservelist.md)__ | _Backbone to the reservelist system. This contains NO logic, it is only the data_ 
__[`BackboneUsers`](BackboneUsers.md)__ | _Backbone to the Player System. This contains NO logic, it is only the data_ 
__[`BackboneWarps`](BackboneWarps.md)__ | _Backbone to the warps system This contains NO logic, it is only the data_ 
__[`BackboneWhitelist`](BackboneWhitelist.md)__ | _Backbone to the whitelist system. This contains NO logic, it is only the data_ 
__[`BanDataAccess`](BanDataAccess.md)__ | _Ban Data Access_ 
__[`GroupDataAccess`](GroupDataAccess.md)__ | _Group Data Access_ 
__[`KitDataAccess`](KitDataAccess.md)__ | _Kit Data Access_ 
__[`OperatorsDataAccess`](OperatorsDataAccess.md)__ | _Operators Data Access_ 
__[`PermissionDataAccess`](PermissionDataAccess.md)__ | _Permission Data Access_ 
__[`PlayerDataAccess`](PlayerDataAccess.md)__ | _Player Data Access_ 
__[`ReservelistDataAccess`](ReservelistDataAccess.md)__ | _Reserve List Data Access_ 
__[`WarpDataAccess`](WarpDataAccess.md)__ | _Warp Data Access_ 
__[`WhitelistDataAccess`](WhitelistDataAccess.md)__ | _Permission Data Access_ 



---



###### This file was system generated using custom scripts copyright (c) 2015 Mining Wolf.
	

